better world it returned your way could
you drop me off at my house now McDonald
makes aviation history with Disney's
tailspin characters each McDonald's
Happy Meal you buy your kids contains a
die-cast tailspin toy there's a loon Oh
Baby this is serious KITT cloudkicker
and Wildcat way I do and the propellers
actually move tailspin happy meal at
McDonald's if you sometimes feel like an
underdog in business here's a whole new
way to compete make one phone call to
sprint and a telecommunication
specialist will custom design a small
business package just for you it'll have
all the cutting edge technology that
only big business used to be able to
take 4,000 by the 30 we're business so
you can get to be one of those big rich
companies that everybody resents
um I was afraid to go to the doctor I
didn't want to hear that I might have an
ulcer but I just couldn't ignore my
stomach you can imagine how relieved I
was when my doctor said my lanta he told
me it wasn't an ulcer it was indigestion
and indigestion like my needed a strong
medicine my lanta is strong medicine
strongly recommended in fact my lanta is
the antacid doctors recommend most my
doctor said my left paradise used to
mean beautiful scenery romantic evenings
and exotic dishes but after these babes
at the beach paradise will never be the
same babes follow the simpsons next
don't worry mom you'll get there in time
you're driving the Toyota Camry all
track it's got all-wheel drive to pull
you through it's got an anti-lock brake
system for additional stopping control
the Toyota Camry you've got the perfect
car and the most trouble free in its
class three years in a row so don't
worry be happy you've got a camry well